README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/w3c/trace-context-mqtt/master.svg?label=validation%20service)](./test/)

# Trace Context: MQTT protocol Specification

This repository is associated with the [Trace Context: MQTT protocol](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context-mqtt/) specification.

Specification for distributed tracing context propagation format:

- Trace Context: MQTT protocol
  [Report](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context-mqtt/).
  Status: Editor's draft.
  - Changes are tracked on GitHub, communicated in meetings and e-mails
    distribution list.

## Team Communication

See [communication](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing-wg#team-communication)

We appreciate feedback and contributions. Please make sure to read rationale documents when you have a question about particular
decision made in specification.

## Goal

This specification defines an extension to the [Trace
Context](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context/) specification. It defines the
mapping of Trace Context fields to the MQTT protocol.

## Reference Implementations

TODO: add link here

## Why are we doing this

See [Why](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing-wg#why-are-we-doing-this)

## Contributing

See [Contributing.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

Commit message:

cleanup and move rationale out of spec (#5)

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/w3c/trace-context-mqtt/master.svg?label=validation%20service)](./test/)

# Trace Context: MQTT protocol Specification

This repository is associated with the [Trace Context: MQTT protocol](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context-mqtt/) specification.

Specification for distributed tracing context propagation format:

- Trace Context: MQTT protocol
  [Report](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context-mqtt/).
  Status: Editor's draft.
  - See [rationale document](RATIONALE.md) for the context of decisions made in this specification.
  - Changes are tracked on GitHub, communicated in meetings and e-mails
    distribution list.

## Team Communication

See [communication](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing-wg#team-communication)

We appreciate feedback and contributions. Please make sure to read rationale documents when you have a question about particular
decision made in specification.

## Goal

This specification defines an extension to the [Trace
Context](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context/) specification. It defines the
mapping of Trace Context fields to the MQTT protocol.

## Reference Implementations

TODO: add link here

## Why are we doing this

See [Why](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing-wg#why-are-we-doing-this)

## Contributing

See [Contributing.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
